Initial Commit (#2)
browserstack/pytest-browserstack: README.md

# PyTest with Browserstack

PyTest Integration with BrowserStack.

![BrowserStack Logo](https://d98b8t1nnulk5.cloudfront.net/production/images/layout/logo-header.png?1469004780)

## Setup

* Clone the repo
* Install dependencies `pip install -r requirements.txt`
* To run your automated tests using BrowserStack, you must provide a valid username and access key. This can be done either by using a .browserstack configuration file in the working directory or your home directory, or by setting the BROWSERSTACK_USERNAME and BROWSERSTACK_ACCESS_KEY environment variables.

## Running your single tests

> * To run single tests, run `paver run single`

Reviewer: Don't need single sample test, having || and local will suffice. Single test file and config file can be removed as well.

Author: As per [guidelines](https://browserstack.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/PROD/pages/3358687296/Selenium+Frameworks+Documentation#BrowserStack-Git-Repo) having single,parallel & local files

## Running your local tests

> * To run a local test, first go to tests/local_test/conftest.py then edit BROWSERSTACK_ACCESS_KEY on line 8

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To run a local test, (if you have not set the BROWSERSTACK_ACCESS_KEY environment variable) go to tests/local_test/conftest.py then replace YOUR_ACCESS_KEY on line 8 with your Browserstack Access Key.
```
This could be a bit ambiguous, as there are multiple BROWSERSTACK_ACCESS_KEY on the line being referred to..
Also need not do this step if env variable is set.

Author: fixed https://github.com/browserstack/pytest-browserstack/pull/2/commits/cf0b5bb4f735d42956c6165eca7934c9000dada3

* Run `paver run local`

## Running your parallel tests

> * To run parallel tests, run `paver run parallel`

Reviewer: Since we won't have single test, this can be generalised to `paver run tests`, this will require relevant change where the runner command is defined as well.

Author: As per [guidelines](https://browserstack.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/PROD/pages/3358687296/Selenium+Frameworks+Documentation#BrowserStack-Git-Repo) having single,parallel & local files

Reviewer: ack.
